[Modules] Format the metadata.json and aligned the Name and Description for all Modules and Updated Readme (#3309)
Azure/ResourceModules: modules/event-hub/namespaces/eventhubs/authorization-rules/README.md

> # EventHub Namespace EventHub Authorization Rules `[Microsoft.EventHub/namespaces/eventhubs/authorizationRules]`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Event Hub Namespace Event Hub Authorization Rules `[Microsoft.EventHub/namespaces/eventhubs/authorizationRules]`
```

> This module deploys an EventHub Namespace EventHub Authorization Rule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module deploys an Event Hub Namespace Event Hub Authorization Rule.
```
